feb 21 page title updates (#5206)
linode/docs: docs/products/tools/cli/guides/events/index.md

---
author:

>   name: View & Manage Account Events with the CLI | Linode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name: 'View and Manage Account Events with the CLI'
```
